nine people at the start of the project
lemon is in here is my breakfast
Yes
look at the hot breakfast and
how would nico say now ?
probably more meaningful of eating or
we were again full widing that is
the fourth then for breakfast as it
fresh knows her yes standard breakfast
has 39 grams of protein 28 grams of fat and
200 grams of carbohydrates ca and the whole
has 1250 calories in total is mine
start the day yes the best breakfast
what is there is it is so much like me
I just loved every day, I'm happy
again and again
and then let's see what it was
anything to eat so are indeed people I
Almost now they forget milk rice
and her brother from today only with cinnamon
and sugar
here is deliver can cover yes
in any case picture tear i have to go
the music make up here because of the gema
otherwise there is trouble
Milk rice has 1450 calories I believe
I should have 48 88 grams of protein 271
grams of carbohydrates 22 grams of fat 1485
calories yes the thing I'm pulling now
in and then it goes off and see
you know so on it goes on
program and now there is one
mango a horny horny one only say yes
where has, depending on size when I think
the size of a hand size yes
about 20 calories predominantly
Carbohydrates bit of protein completely
minimal falls and then there's acid
unhealthy in addition 40 asc yes the
is just awesome he is just the
madness even if he is not great
where it goes from the ingredients automat
green black tea from tea leaves
a natural sugar acid medium
citric acid natural flavors
conserved with potassium so barth and
At 100 milliliters, obtain 33 calories
no fat no protein sodium is included
and of course keep clear but taste good
very cool in the summer you can the
battery to drown loving totally yes it is
just before
yes and instead of viewing it is then in
beachclub i might look for
Foam me out there but something
it is of course the film on
eating I'll turn it on
little that peeled and then you can
you look at it that way I am
again very short there and indeed I have
Forgot a mango usually has
200 to 220 grams of 134 carbohydrates
So a fruit without waste according to epp
134 grams of carbohydrates as I said hardly
Hardly any carbohydrates and protein are produced
whole looks like this now shows you here
I've touched on that I ask
I'm really pretty cool right now
is so best just when her in
cross cuts and could work
could now take out individually and yes
As I said the rest you know
yes so people then I'll contact you now
For the last time is already evening
But she left at half past eight
there are 70 grams here again
show yes and now comes a mega
bag back here tastes so good
horny that part I'm so happy so we
have 809 for dinner again
calories 11 175 grams of carbohydrates and
20 grams of protein in the shake are now
there two apples ten gram jakobus
grate two bananas 50 grams of dates
There are also 30 separate ones here
now a bit extreme high again
so 50 grams double 2 grams of broccoli
Spinach and 50 grams of tomatoes again
yes, there are 182 calories in total
as I said those were only wrong
there they are now actually just more cups
become
then yes so does my dinner from the
The whole day was overall we
now 3760 calories with 62 grams of fat 6
183 grams of carbs and 108 grams
protein yes so I know at the moment
Just test to 14 per kilo
bodyweight just stop by
watch if something happens
if I feel better or worse
you go or have a full again
of eating so it looks at the moment with me
when the video celebrates gives me
thumbs up but with the channel and us
see us in the next video what you
By the way the beachclub was very cool
been so king kamehameha in
Offenbach am Main I can tell you
definitely recommend it as spiritual
Of course, really nice there
a little bit attacked if we
Of course, my medium is too broad
fun
So as I said people know you know
for spiritual next video your patrick